Python demos: add capability to record output video in a file (#1951)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/python_demos/action_recognition/README.md

  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
  -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                        Required. An input to process. The input must be a single image,

>                         a folder of images or anything that cv2.VideoCapture can process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        a folder of images, video file or camera id.
```

Reviewer: We need take into account that users might be not an OpenCV experts and so, not aware of what cv2.VideoCapture can process and how to supply input for VideoCapture. All the details should not be put into command line option description, seems that might be a separate common section in each demo readme. Need think on this. For this particular case, I think we may just change phrase a bit.

Author: done.

  --loop                Optional. Enable reading the input in a loop.

>   -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT

Reviewer: Do we define somewhere what will happens in case of endless input, like input from camera or when '-loop' option is active? We might need some safety guard for that potentially dangerous option. Like, by default store only first 100 or 1000 frames and with adding additional parameter, '-output_limit' allow to set -1 to store all the input frames and positive number to specify how many frames to store (or even the range of frames to store, like 100,-1 - to store from 100-th frame up to the end of input stream.

Reviewer 2: I assume it will fill all available disk space with output. But that's what one requests by running a demo for long enough. And it doesn't seem to be dangerous. At least no more dangerous then fully taking any other system resource, RAM for example, which we don't handle explicitly as well. My opinion is that we shouldn't extend functionality without actual need.

Reviewer: this is dangerous for system stability and such action should requested by user explicitly rather then be side effect. this is an actual need.

Reviewer 2: I still can't see how it differs from RAM, but ok.

  -m_de M_DECODER, --m_decoder M_DECODER
                        Optional. Path to decoder model. If not specified,
                        simple averaging of encoder's outputs over a time
                        window is applied.
  -l CPU_EXTENSION, --cpu_extension CPU_EXTENSION
                        Optional. For CPU custom layers, if any. Absolute path
                        to a shared library with the kernels implementation.
  -d DEVICE, --device DEVICE
                        Optional. Specify a target device to infer on. CPU,
                        GPU, FPGA, HDDL or MYRIAD is acceptable. The demo will
                        look for a suitable plugin for the device specified.
                        Default value is CPU.
  -lb LABELS, --labels LABELS
                        Optional. Path to file with label names.
  --no_show             Optional. Don't show output.
  -s LABEL_SMOOTHING, --smooth LABEL_SMOOTHING
                        Optional. Number of frames used for output label
                        smoothing.
  --seq DECODER_SEQ_SIZE
                        Optional. Length of sequence that decoder takes as

>                         input.

Author: done.
